Fix CRLs management (#55)
eove/orca: docs/pki_init.md

These scripts should be customised according to your own PKI architecture. They should be included in that exact order.
When signing a CSR, you should validate it as indicated in your `exploitation manual`.

> [!Caution]
> At the end of a ceremony, the CRLs of the CA are exported and should be made available online according to the address configured in the above scripts.

> [!Caution]

> > The CRLs are valid for a given amount of time (18 month in the template). The next ceremony *must* happen before that limit in order to maintain the CRLs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The CRLs are valid for a given amount of time (18 months by default in the template). The next ceremony *must* happen before that limit in order to maintain the CRLs 
```
